git/how-tos/actions/act-locally.md, before:

#How-To Run GitHub Actions locally (cmd):

1. Prerequisites - `docker`, to install it on  ubuntu run:
    - `sudo apt-get install docker.io`
    - Verify installation:
        - `sudo docker version`

2. Get the `act` program from [github][1] and follow instructions on the page

3. (opt) clone the repository and run installation script:
    - `git clone https://github.com/nektos/act.git`
    - install `act` with the provided shell script:
        - `cd act && sudo ./install.sh`

4. Copy executable and add it to your $PATH:
    - `sudo cp bin/act /usr/bin/`
    - Add `/usr/bin/act` to to your $PATH in `/etc/environment`
    - Check if `act` is properly installed:
        - `act -h`

5. (opt) If you get an error about `/var/run/docker.sock` permission denied:
    - Ref topic: [stackoverflow][2]
    - Change the permissions to the above file with:
        - `sudo setfacl --modify user:<username or ID>:rw /var/run/docker.sock
        - The user ID is required when the user name only exists inside the  
          container but not on the host.
    - Or you can user to the docker group with:
        - `sudo usermod -aG docker <username>`
        - `sudo reboot`
    - OR give the right permission to the docker.sock file:
        - `sudo chmod 666 /var/run/docker.sock`
    - NOTE: The first option seems to be most secure

6. Cd to the root of your GitHub repository where `.github/workflows/` are

7. Execute 'act' command on the entire workflow file:
    - `act -a <username> -W .github/workflows/<continuous-integration.yml>`
    - (opt) call act on a specific job:
        - `act -a <username> -j <job_name>`
    - To list available jobs:
        - `act -l`
    - To add secrets add:
        - `-s MY_SECRET1=<secret1_value> -s MY_SECRET2=<secret2_value>`
    - To pass file with all the secrets (key=value pairs):
        - `--secret-file <secrets_filename>`

8. (Caveats) When using submodules in your actions files make sure you have  
   the submodule folder added in the `.dockerignore` or your local repository  
   does not have the ref folder because `docker cp` will fail to copy.

9. Additional resources:
    - [Gaurav Gahlot blog][3]
    - [Stackoverflow - running workflows locally][4]
    - [Medium - test your GitHub Actions locally with act][5]

[1]: <https://github.com/nektos/act> "act official repository"
[2]: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51342810/how-to-fix-dial-unix-var-run-docker-sock-connect-permission-denied-when-gro> "Change docker.sock permissions"
[3]: <https://gauravgahlot.in/blog/run-github-actions-locally-docker-nektos-act/> "Gaurav Gahlot blog"
[4]: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59241249/how-to-run-github-actions-workflows-locally#:~:text=One%20way%20to%20test%20Github,actual%20repo%20with%20broken%20commits.> "stackoverflow running workflows locally"
[5]: <https://medium.com/it-dead-inside/test-your-github-actions-locally-with-act-c3790834fc3a> "Medium - test your Github Actions locally with act"

Commit message:

misc: Update act-locally.md with submodules workaround

git/how-tos/actions/act-locally.md, after:

#How-To Run GitHub Actions locally (cmd):

1. Prerequisites - `docker`, to install it on  ubuntu run:
    - `sudo apt-get install docker.io`
    - Verify installation:
        - `sudo docker version`

2. Get the `act` program from [github][1] and follow instructions on the page

3. (opt) clone the repository and run installation script:
    - `git clone https://github.com/nektos/act.git`
    - install `act` with the provided shell script:
        - `cd act && sudo ./install.sh`

4. Copy executable and add it to your $PATH:
    - `sudo cp bin/act /usr/bin/`
    - Add `/usr/bin/act` to to your $PATH in `/etc/environment`
    - Check if `act` is properly installed:
        - `act -h`

5. (opt) If you get an error about `/var/run/docker.sock` permission denied:
    - Ref topic: [stackoverflow][2]
    - Change the permissions to the above file with:
        - `sudo setfacl --modify user:<username or ID>:rw /var/run/docker.sock
        - The user ID is required when the user name only exists inside the  
          container but not on the host.
    - Or you can user to the docker group with:
        - `sudo usermod -aG docker <username>`
        - `sudo reboot`
    - OR give the right permission to the docker.sock file:
        - `sudo chmod 666 /var/run/docker.sock`
    - NOTE: The first option seems to be most secure

6. Cd to the root of your GitHub repository where `.github/workflows/` are

7. Execute 'act' command on the entire workflow file:
    - `act -a <username> -W .github/workflows/<continuous-integration.yml>`
    - (opt) call act on a specific job:
        - `act -a <username> -j <job_name>`
    - To list available jobs:
        - `act -l`
    - To add secrets add:
        - `-s MY_SECRET1=<secret1_value> -s MY_SECRET2=<secret2_value>`
    - To pass file with all the secrets (key=value pairs):
        - `--secret-file <secrets_filename>`

8. (Caveats) When using submodules in your actions files make sure you have  
   the submodule folder added in the `.dockerignore` or your local repository  
   does not have the ref folder because `docker cp` will fail to copy.
    - Currently after checkout: (ex. `actions/checkout@v3`) you have to add  
      the following to properly fetch submodules to checked repository:
        - `git submodule update --init --recursive`:

9. Additional resources:
    - [Gaurav Gahlot blog][3]
    - [Stackoverflow - running workflows locally][4]
    - [Medium - test your GitHub Actions locally with act][5]

[1]: <https://github.com/nektos/act> "act official repository"
[2]: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51342810/how-to-fix-dial-unix-var-run-docker-sock-connect-permission-denied-when-gro> "Change docker.sock permissions"
[3]: <https://gauravgahlot.in/blog/run-github-actions-locally-docker-nektos-act/> "Gaurav Gahlot blog"
[4]: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59241249/how-to-run-github-actions-workflows-locally#:~:text=One%20way%20to%20test%20Github,actual%20repo%20with%20broken%20commits.> "stackoverflow running workflows locally"
[5]: <https://medium.com/it-dead-inside/test-your-github-actions-locally-with-act-c3790834fc3a> "Medium - test your Github Actions locally with act"
